well I believe this is the 10th episode
of hot line League you're here we're
here we're gonna be talking about so
many great things so many interesting
things as hot line League covers the
beginning of NALC yesterday we are
recording this January 22nd of course
I'm joined right now by Mark Zimmerman
my constant co-host on the show how's it
going mark pretty good I can't believe
we had 10 episodes before the force
first season that sounds sounds like too
many yeah well we still mean our first
episode was before worlds oh you're
right yeah alright nevermind that makes
more sense
yeah we we've we've been slacking
actually we're doing about one and a
half episodes a month oh and of course
our the return of a frequent co-host
Calvin a house you're on Kelby I'm doing
super well alright thanks for having me
back guys well the good news is you're
the only one we could find yeah the good
news is we've started the show with all
of us in sunglasses which means the
YouTube comments will be very angry
people go alright why are they aren't
wearing sunglasses in the house it's
there's no I have on a Dirac's alright
yeah that's why people are just not you
know you try to add some style some
glamour to the stuff in it it doesn't go
so well here let's uh let's go into our
normal how things have been we can do a
check-in anything you guys want to talk
about before we get in the meat of the
show mark how was how's your past week
been since we did this pretty good
casted some Academy on Friday then did
the analyst desk for Saturday and Sunday
and that went over without a single
hitch and people continue to not watch
oh wait nevermind there's one segment
people watch yep yeah and we'll talk
about that in a second sure of course
and then tell me how you been are you
gonna ask me about my week I was so it's
been like a month about that Travis it's
been a month since you've been on the
show I think oh yeah
well as you know I've been playing a lot
of video games and specifically the
greatest game total war Warhammer to man
I'm super addicted to that
I really like the total war games I
hadn't played one since Rome and this
new one has just got me crazy hooked I'm
excited man
that's great you've been talking about
this for months I don't know why we're
bringing it up now that's what I've been
doing for the past month yeah well
that's great I would like to give a
shout out really quickly I there's been
a surge of people doing this recently
and I want to think of a lot of people
whether it's this gaff tape
let's yes I know make jokes about my
last name it's we're all really
impressed or it's this cable for a light
or these batteries there's been a surge
of folks supporting the production that
I do from the Amazon wish list and I
want to I want to thank all of them
there's somebody who's just named a big
fan and I swear to God that person has
purchased half of the stuff there's a
somebody named Hudson who had some stuff
coming through I can't list off
everybody because a lot of people been
helping but then she get something from
Daddy yeah you gave me a Christmas gift
yes I did you just refer to yourself as
- I got hit during Christmas I got two
gifts and I opened it was you know
frequently people recently have been
purchasing stuff off my wish list and I
got one of the messages they got was
love daddy on two of these gifts and I'm
like interesting I tweeted something
about like you know who I don't know who
this is but I appreciate it and then
well on behold it's cowboys Christmas
gifts to me and he signed it that way
and expected me to know that that was
him is it and likely the gift receipts
were out on the desk and I like hoped he
hadn't noticed them because it'd be kind
of hard to explain he's like wait I
didn't see an interesting situation so
but anyway thank you for everybody who's
helping to support with all that stuff
it's actually been really cool and we're
using a ton of that gear so thank you
very much
anyway moving on to the top story of the
week and maybe the only story of the
week is na LCS
back there's all sorts of interesting
stuff going on I'm sure we're gonna have
a ton of people calling in about how ts7
CLG suck which is what I know I'm not
saying they suck but and by the way we
put a question mark Sarah yeah they're
not declaratives yeah yeah well because
I I feel like that's what the callers
are going to talk about and by the way a
lot of people been given marking me crap
about what the caller is calling about
we can't control that we're not just
like picking yes extreme things like
someone will will say like I want it
like I think TSM will do bad this year
and I'm like great that's a different
opinion and then I put them in the thing
and when I go to check them I don't
check their question I'm just like does
your microphone work okay you sound
reasonable
bring them in and that's the first time
we hear their questions so if their
reasoning is booty that's there's no way
I can I can do anything about that
unless we slow this show down and I
don't think I don't think we want the
show to become we've already heard all
these arguments and now they come on and
we you know it's like yeah the hot takes
are hot you know yeah you need to have
booty callers for sure makes
entertaining mark see the State Farm
analysts desk premiered this weekend a
farm animal yes yeah isn't that what's
called yeah and you you had prefaced
that there was gonna be some interesting
changes Jett has retired from casting
you saw that Kelby right yeah well yeah
I was led the broadcast yeah
retired might be a strong word I mean
they've been using that word all over
automatically but that's what they used
on the dive I didn't know if that was a
giant retires from casting I think it
was a click bait that they use there
well right so it whatever he might cast
again in the future but at least like
regular season stuff he's and postseason
I'm pretty sure he's like I'm the
analyst tester so I'm gonna hand
I'm gonna hand the mic over to you here
because one I want you there's already
people in the twitch chat asking we're
gonna get to questions later on if you
don't watch the show before we take
callers they come in through discord
mark will tell you how that works and
then he's gonna talk to us a little bit
about how the analyst desk went this
weekend yeah so to start I'm spamming in
twitch at the discord link how you get
on this show as you go join that discord
you need to join The Voice general or
Jen
two channels so that way I can add you
to the call when we get to your question
if we pick it and then the way that you
kind of submit your question is there's
the text general channel so I'll be
parsing through there every now and then
grabbing people if I like they're hot
takes remember we don't just want
questions like sometimes questions are
fine if it's like why is this happening
it's an interesting one but if it's just
like why did TSM lose that's not great
you know try and have your own opinions
to share with us and then we can debate
them so that's how the show is gonna
work everybody
please join the discord if you're not in
here yet and then with regards to the
analyst desk there's two things talk
about two major feedback points and I
will be doing a blame game most likely
on this so I don't want to go like -
repeating myself here but one point of
criticism was you didn't give fly quests
their props and it was disrespectful to
fly Quest it was their first win of the
season they took down TSM which just in
terms of name recognition is a big deal
and people thought that they deserve the
credit
and one of the things we're changing
this year about the analyst s generally
speaking is we're not just gonna be a
recap show like a recap segment I don't
think anyone finds that particularly
interesting you just watch the whole
game the annal that the casters have a
couple minutes where they talk about
what just happened in the game again and
then you go to the interview with the
winner usually and then it comes to us
and I don't think you want us to just
talk about what you just remember been
watching for 40 minutes so we will be
going more in-depth and specific on
things and having real opinions versus
just like hey here's what happened 22
minutes in the game great engage by onda
they are really impressive stuff you
know we want to talk about real issues
that are going on so it sucks for fly
quests that like they were kind of the
first one to to feel that where it's
like on to played great and Isaiah
talked a fair amount in the cast about
that so like I don't feel like we need
to hit that going forward and of course
you're gonna be monitoring community
feedback and hopefully people get more
used to this identity of the analyst
desk where we actually bring opinions
and analysis versus being more recap
focused and of course it will be recap
heavy because it's right after the game
but it's not just
a broad recap very good and I mean so
you there for those that don't know why
mark is ranting about this there was a
lot of community feedback kind of
flaming the analyst test because people
don't realize the new set up for it and
and so this is a different situation I
think yeah and so the other thing that
of why people were very divided and on
that segment was because we
quote-unquote criticized Erickson and
you know we can talk if you want about
that the actual reasoning in there what
I would say is that like no one on
production who worked on that segment
walked away like nailed it I don't think
any of us were like yeah we killed that
segment that's exactly how we want it to
go at the top of the day Jack had a line
that I really liked where he said
bjergsen's definitely not the problem
but he's not the solution right now and
I think that's what we were trying to
get across with that segment and people
felt like we were just because the whole
segment was dedicated to him they
weren't you seeing it they like that
kind of segment they were thought that
we were just railing on him and I think
like some in some places my wording was
overly negative more so than I wanted
though I mean I think we can do a much
better job going forward and if people's
take away from that segment was we just
bashed be Erickson I don't think we did
a great job because what we did was we
didn't watch the broadcast we had an
individual observer that jet and I
solely watched from bjergsen's
perspective so we had more insight on
every like we talked about every
decision he made I'm gonna power spikes
all this stuff while we're building this
segment and like no one else has that
level of had like a bad opportunity
because that's not you can't just watch
a bjergsen POV stream which is like kind
of what we were doing essentially so
yeah we were very very critical in
analytical because we wanted to
basically like the big criticism against
bjergsen is he doesn't sometimes some
people call him basically a KD a player
like you know he's playing for KD a and
that was actually a great game to to
kind of go in depth on that perspective
and I don't think Peterson's a KD a
player at all yeah do you think Jo's TSM
Jack I don't think anyone thinks that
anymore after that segment yeah
tell me did you watch the segment mmm no
I didn't see the segment I only watch
the games did you say you're gonna start
watching Kelby that's what we want to
change you're out here no we had lunch
and you asked me to look at it and I
haven't had a chance to see it yeah but
yeah yeah there's only like six hours
ago I understand five minutes
I ate eight spells II to the grocery
store and that took six hours I this guy
has not been in an American grocery
store in three years you would be
surprised at how long it took him to
accomplish some things you know if he's
what he's probably watching right now
he's very upset I'll check it out though
now that you've mentioned it from the
grocery store
what depends was it Whole Foods
no is Ralph yeah yeah actually all the
only shops at Amazon affiliated grocery
stores oh my god that fucking store
whatever I don't shop at Whole Foods I
fucking hate Whole Foods whoops all
right I won't tell Jeff
the point is Jeff makes a lot other
great point is I think we're ready for
questions yeah well I'm just trying I
guess if you want to if you want to keep
talking about it we can but no I mean I
think I think people will see I I guess
my question for you would be how do you
feel like the new analysts desk went
over all we're all I was going sorry I
was gonna say overall I think we were
happy with the desk and there's a lot
more stuff we want to do like more
assets that we want to be able to play
with like I personally am looking to
like yeah that just giant mini map and
it takes up the whole screen so that
when we talk about more macro based
stuff as opposed to individual stuff we
have that supporting element stuff like
that but overall I think we like where
it's headed but we just it's the first
weekend we're doing it we need to get
better very good Kelby
what did you think of any LCS ooh um
well I think that hmm
I was we this is something like not
about the games actually but kind of
about production we had talked about
this before in our group I was hoping to
see that riot like would maybe do
something a little bit different with
like production from this year to last
year in regards to like I don't know III
I mean of course they're gonna use the
same studio and they're probably gonna
use the same stage but I was like
looking to see maybe like different
graphic assets and stuff like that
because I was actually super analysis
league focus show but I've been super
pessimistic on Al and they really
protest impressed me full retreat in
standpoint yeah yeah overwatch League
their production is so good it looks
dope as fuck I love all their graphics
obviously like their stage in studio is
something that they've had time to
recently iterate on and you know ride is
kind of working with something that's
older but like I don't know I I just I
just kind of didn't see anything changed
there and I was maybe I don't know maybe
rides happy with it I was kind of hoping
to see something get up a little bit and
that was my personal take on it mark
before no no I don't know which take
you're about to go but I'm just saying
for me I I really like the look and feel
about I feel like for all the games
watchability issues I think their
in-game UI and all their graphics and
their lead in segments and everything it
looks so good
I like it a lot it's really good and
then the games I don't know I got
results I wanted I assume we'll talk
about results based do in a little bit
here so we don't need to dive into it
yeah yeah I'm just private for like some
of the feature things like I think I
don't know how much I'm allowed to talk
about this but I I think don't say
anything you shouldn't yeah I don't
think this is to remember the show needs
to be successful so we can get sponsors
so say whatever will get us the views
I'll be like how does that factor I
think there are more changes coming in
the production side that we wished we
could have got live
week one that won't come out probably
for a while so I I don't know I just
there's upgrades coming yeah there's
upgrades coming and it sucks that it
wasn't week one so it wasn't like new
league players new world you know kind
of thing I know what you mean yeah yeah
I'm glad that Kelly brought that up
because I kind of did feel the same way
like you know you you've got a brand new
LCS you've you've taken away one of the
stages you've just had and not that I
feel like League needs to do everything
because overwatch League has done it but
it would have been nice to see both of
these things debut in a kind of an
interesting way and and new and so sort
of saying that it was there wasn't
really much besides banner changes in
the studio to accommodate the new teams
I think it's a little disappointing but
still good the other thing that I want
to talk about really quickly before we
get the callers in just kind of wet
their whistle Kelby you were mentioning
to me in the Skype chat that we talked
in how different and how interesting it
was just compare the you know looking at
TSM and CLG
who both had disappointing weekends you
have to each one of their sub reddits
and you see very different tones from
the communities there maybe you can kind
of take you know share your take on how
that looks
yeah I just uh this is this is probably
the season that I'm going to be watching
League the most since I left
League of Legends professionally and
moved on to yeah when you were no I mean
like working and you know in a league of
Legends based organization whereas you
know good game was split across a bunch
of different games and now you know I
work much more with closely with League
of Legends teams again so I'm watching
it more I mean I'm just super interested
where he sports is going right now but
yeah it's uh I hadn't I hadn't been
super tapped in and I never really had
seen obviously I've been on the SEAL
jisub right at a bunch in the past but I
hadn't really ever checked out the TSM
subreddit and oh man oh the food
delivery the CLG stuff right it was
pretty much like the same tone that I've
always seen when losses happen is like
they're kind of just like it's it's it's
sad and I'm a little bit biased because
you know
I obviously have a strong connection
with CLG they're just kind of like down
in the dumps kind of like man this sucks
like broken heart kind of thing the TSM
subreddit is essentially just like
making jokes and flaming pear players
which I just saw is a really funny one
they're just doing like meme jokes you
know it's not like like the TIA like the
CLG jokes what they do is like we
fucking suck we need to like bench
people like they're they're kind of
upset that the TSM people are just like
memeing I guess it's it's very
interesting and it's also very
interesting to me too I see this
dichotomy all the time on reddit where
people love to bring up this thing we're
like oh yeah you guys wanted doublelift
off the team you were all complaining
and bitching in here and now that you
know spend and myth you have a bad week
you all are saying was a bad decision
you guys can never make up your mind
like people always like think that
reddit is one person and people
flip-flop all the time instead of
remembering that like reddit is millions
of people and in the threads that are
bashing people like the people who share
that opinion will go into that and not
vote it and the people who don't share
that opinion will stay away from it and
vice versa yeah so like yeah and some
people do flip-flop like you could have
been excited about spending Metheny and
been like yeah doublelift is gone and
then the guy who never wanted double if
gone suddenly is like see you shoot a
fucking bunch double lifts and then
someone kind of is like you know what
you're right we sucking out and it's
interesting because actually when I
looked I felt like the TSM suffered it
was more town like when I looked at
their comment a lot of their comments
maybe I looked at it over the weekend
you looked at it today or something
mm-hmm I saw a lot of comments that were
like same old TSM can't communicate
can't make plays just look like they're
dead you know be just hanging out you
know and then so maybe there was kind of
like a counter-reaction that took place
today but my argument had always been
that TSM has it worse when they're
losing because they gained their viewer
or they're their fans mostly because
they are a winning team so when they
fail to like fulfill the promise that
the fans came in for
you know they get they get fine pretty
hard yeah I just saw like way more
one-liners and like the the most toxic
when I've ever seen is the tl-one last
year in the in the middle of there's
because like that's when like when cuz I
personally feel and I could be wrong
here when people like see the same bad
shit happen over and over again like as
TSM fan it's probably easier to look at
this and be like Oh too weak whatever
the boys will turn around we've never
missed a championship final or something
like that right but if you're like a TL
fan or a seal chief and you're like oh
fuck same story again like why am I even
here it's just kinda it has more of an
air of despair around it I guess I I
kind of agree well so I haven't checked
the subreddit once but at least like the
post match discussion threads with with
TSM like there were some fucking funny
jokes like new ones just like the double
or what bjergsen put down his Raizel and
only Mike young took it into the he's
like a war they're like you're just
warded the pit is there's not I do feel
like I'm sure you all siesta postgame
threats have some good stuff in them too
but god damn i love that that memes that
come out of the NA LCS post match sighs
yeah oh alright
so i go get somebody yeah i think we
should start collecting callers if you
guys don't know how this works there's a
discord will type the discord in - well
the discord command into twitch so you
can hop in sure your question if you are
a sub but you have to sometimes give
discord a second to sync it but you get
access to a sub chat and so there you
put your questions there it's more
likely you'll get selected just because
there's less people spamming in there oh
that's kind of something donate you're
incredibly likely to get selected right
Travis Casey's joined the show Casey
how's it going what you got for us
what's your take on the weekend wait
where's Casey calling from we know yeah
we're calling from Houston Texas okay so
are you honest man I'm sorry
a clutch clutch gaming okay are you are
you legitimately
getting backing clutch because they used
something uh yeah I love clothes just
cuz I'm from Houston yeah I was born
Houston rates in Houston so it's all
about clutch city very good I just want
to talk about like how they did today it
wasn't like I think it was from their
pick and band that where they really
messed up you know I watch the LS do a
pod review of the echo Fox clutch gave
me a game and just he said like from the
beginning like they lost as soon as they
got as ear cuz there was like Phoenix
with his ear is honestly like his best
champion so he's 13 and 5 and went to 14
and 5 after that game yeah so like
that's his best champion honestly in my
opinion and once they gave it up to him
they should have banned it out once they
gave it up to him the game was from like
from there like from the picking ban
like it was pretty much over
and I think clutch gaming is a good team
but I think they honestly have I think
their coaching is where they're weak
weaknesses this year they need a better
coaching staff and like a better pick
bad faith and I wouldn't it could
honestly be top five which is a fair
point and an interesting thing to bring
up because so much of the conversation
around clutch has been about their
infrastructure this is a team that's
supposed to be investing heavily into
the infrastructure originally sort of
the way that you know right had like a
one-liner for each one of these teams
whenever they build them and the idea
was supposed to be like clutches have
investing heavily into analytics and
numbers then later you haven't realized
like actually they're doing a lot of
kind of old-school like just watching
vods and trying to figure out people
from that rather than like some sort of
robot machine they've built for this but
I think Big Ben was just terrible in
this game yeah and so it's just weird
that if they are losing on that side or
if that's the reason they're losing it's
weird that we're hearing that from
clutch which is supposed to be strong in
that area yeah mark what did you think
of their games I got really hyped after
their first game I thought febiven and
Lyra look really good and then I was I
was hoping to see them like take it to
Phoenix who can play pretty aggressive
but like Casey said they gave him his
best champ
then he kind of shit on febiven and you
know in the top lane hoon he's gonna
shit on solo and now you have to no
matter leaving Lance yeah yeah so you
have to losing lanes
dart rocks playing aggressive he had I
think dar dog actually played played
great close to better than who knew that
game all three of them just shit on the
top side of map and both teams have bot
lanes that I was just looking to go
mostly even or like eke out slight
advantage is based off matchups so like
yeah I didn't love the pick/ban but I
think potentially and other thing is
people might just be sleeping I'd echo
fox a little bit much I know I was not
echo Fox will be a top three team in
this spring split I believe with cloud 9
in TL but Apollo in Hawk awho did pretty
good they didn't like shit the bed or
anything I think clutch gaming is a
really good team they could be top five
they just need to work on their pick and
ban and like watch watch the other teams
like and like watch their solo cues like
see who they play like get to know more
of other teams in what with chance
they're playing you know and just to
figure out what they need will be
banding out picking out like their
coaching staff does need to work on that
I think so Casey in the past people call
in and they say something like c9 is not
gonna make playoffs TSM is not gonna
make finals you came in with a very
respectable take and then in your
discussion you just casually mentioned
you don't think CLG or TSM will make top
three so I very curious if you want to
expand on that because you see sorry
about which I think CLG could couldn't
make it okay TSM couldn't make it feel
like they just need to calm down like
they're just they're too nervous they
just really need to just just chill out
do you know they just need to chill out
I think that's really what what would be
best for them and just like if what's
most Karen is saying is true like how
they're always yelling at each other and
getting super serious they just need to
take a chill pill and like this just
like have some like friendly discussions
like not yell at each other they could
be easily in the finals this spring
Casey what is your preferred method of
chilling out what's your what's your
chill pill so to speak they just need to
watch like so anime or something like is
all like what
some friendly anime or just go outside
and play some basketball you know just
do whatever they need to do to chill out
because they're just I know you're
sensing super stress you know it doesn't
really seem right for them like they're
just putting too much weight on their
shoulders and I don't think that's
really good for them yeah mark Travis do
you guys see clutch as a top five team I
don't see them as a top three team which
is what no I think nice and for echoes
it's Oh echovox sorry
I mean the problem is and I'm gonna be
sort of the voice of reason hopefully
over the course of this in the show
because I ultimately like their best of
ones and and do you do anything there's
a pretty good chance to get some could
have won this weekend had it been best
of threes because in the past we've seen
them lose best of ones very very quickly
yes or do you think that so I think that
it's it's hard to take away too much
from this weekend and yes clutch could
be top five but clutch could also be
bottom five you don't like it these
teams could be all over the place we
just don't know yet but it's fun to
speculate based off this weekend yeah I
think speculate yeah go for it so I
think that clutch your pretenders right
now I think that like so there are two
matches this weekend like I think that
Golden Gardens at this point
unfortunately I'm sorry owner not the
strongest opponent and then like echo
fox like just shit on them in that game
and the the concern that I have for
clutch is that like Ida when I look at
their talent roster and it's definitely
too early to tell but this is just my
feeling when I look at their talent
roster compared to the other teams I
feel like the top five is too crowded
for them to be there right now and
especially since I don't even I'm I
think that echo Fox what we saw from
echo Fox this weekend is like the upper
end of where we will see them I want to
see what happens to echo fox when they
hit some adversity and lose like a best
of one and then the doc factor comes
into play and maybe when
Mooney gets a little bit more you know
away from his lck skills and becomes
more of an na top laner
you know like how that pans out for them
in the long term but I'm I am not sold
on on clutch yet I need to see more
quality wins than then golden Guardians
to put them in the top five
well okay that's fair it's fun to start
I mean we would never been able to have
this conversation before where somebody
calls them from a region with loyalty to
a team so it's kinda okay thank you so
much for calling in I really appreciate
all right thank you so much for having
me all right well Marcus grabbing the
nice collar I do need to catch up on
some subsets have come in McHugh subbed
right right kiri Claus Anderson Rory the
fish Wrath of Khan
- lanes white night I think that's how
it is dr. Manhattan is back with the two
months and we're joined right now by
silent silent where you calling from
Florida Tampa Florida okay what
microphone are you using because it
sounds sounds like yeah no it really bad
Milo and rub if I'm on like a super
backup Mike okay well no worries we can
hear you Oh Tampa Florida so what do you
got for us
um well bless I can throw my heartache
but I think echo fox is gonna fourth
this split and if nothing too major
happens they can finish even higher
maybe in the summer okay so why aren't
you concerned that dar talk will ruin
the team because that's what everyone's
gonna say I think that while emotional
states can definitely like turn a team
in from a good team to a bad team I
don't think that if if you're winning
and that changes your mentality then if
you're losing you know like if you have
a team of five players and they're all
very emotional and you guys lose games
and you guys lose games and grabs you
got a clash and have tears in the team
but I think if you have one player who's
you know been shown to be emotional and
I don't know what other words want to
used to describe him that as long as
like Cooney is you know doing his thing
up in the top lane and your bot Lane is
doing there you know what good last year
you know making fourth place I think
that
they can like keep you know a high
enough skill level that he's happy I
guess
mark is echo fox the top three team
I wouldn't say top three because there's
always the other foot but what I will
say is I think I I and some other people
underrated just how like good their
skills ceiling is as much as logo hates
that term like we need to remember that
in terms of like game / series in the
regular season
Kunie has lost three times in a year
like this guy's no fucking joke he's
probably the best player in na LCS
I would I would actually say yeah I
think right now probably right so like I
think if you factor that they have the
number one player in the league a mid
laner who never really had problems
going toe to toe with anyone it was more
like macro and stuff like that a very
like a pretty good bot lane not great
like but like you know middle of the
pack like that's that's a pretty good
roster and like the da rock is obviously
when he's on darks of God and when he's
not he looks he doesn't look great so
like that the when these guys are
working out they like are gonna beat
anyone the league I think so that's
pretty scary just to say that they're
like not gonna finish that highly yeah I
think that like when Travis is interview
with Rick Fox like he seemed super
invested and you know like channeling
all of his resources and like sports
knowledge and like a stuff into
maintaining like a good atmosphere you
know cuz I'm sure that when he hit when
he was talking to people who decided who
to pick they told him about dark issues
so I think that what did you happen to
see what I actually it's good content
people's to see this silence you know I
walked home with their clock yeah did
you see no did you see the one with
Jared Jeffries who's the president of
echo Fox
oh no that will do one no it came out
the day after thanks a lot oh the point
is well so you know right with all due
respect to Rick I do think that Jared
Jeffries who is also a former pro
athlete is probably more since I got is
that he's actually
more involved in building these teams
now specifically League of Legends went
over the the break and so that interview
was more about building the roster how
they came to it I'd recommend if people
are interested in learning more about
that echo fox roster to check it out
because I think he gave some really good
answers one of the things that he said
was that because I brought up the
question of do you are you concerned
about this and he said you know the
thing that I talked when I talked to
everybody about these players they all
said that the issues were in-game not
out of game and as long as these guys
are good people
I am confident we can work through the
in-game issues which is a fair argument
to make right is that if Kelly's Kelly's
uh he seems to get much breaking point
yeah well so a question is safe the 1v9
yeah in between series or in between
matches in a playoff series or fucking
so you can say whatever you want about
Doc's like emotional our ability to
control his emotions but I don't think
I've ever heard anyone myself included
say he's a bad kid like yeah but that
doesn't make it that doesn't necessarily
mean that you create of an environment
for a team that's winning atmosphere
just saying Travis's point about like as
long as they're all good people which
you know may be emotion I would have
maintained that darhk's a good kid yeah
and so I think if okay if you are Jared
Jeffries because the other I think I
titled it and interview with the quota
of you know none of these guys are gonna
be worse than what I've seen in the NBA
and yeah yeah and so if you are somebody
oh you found that interview site yeah
maybe not yeah
anyway if you if you are one of the if
you were this guy and you you've seen
all this you've experienced all this and
then being you were confident that you
can work through issues related to
personality stuff related to the game
Dhar talks a pretty good risk for you to
take and no offense to TL but I don't
think TL in 2016 was a really good
environment for somebody who has issues
in game to like it better like I just
don't think Steve and loco and all those
guys were really able to make like Steve
was in the middle of raising selling his
company essentially
loco I don't think has had developed and
will see this year maybe it's changed
but had developed into the mature type
of person that could solve this kind of
stuff I I don't know it it's given me
after that interview series I kind of
changed the perspective that I had an
echo fox and I wasn't surprised to see
them do well this weekend and I am
it would not be surprised to see them
continue to do well I have a lot of
faith in their ability to work through
issues so we'll see I think that them
and liquid they are my opinion the two
team that sixth rate up upgraded like I
mean I like every single role wasn't
straight-up upgrade like there might be
one of the new for teams because there's
no real like take over from there last
year yeah yeah one thing that I saw that
actually super impressed me is the clips
that they had from some of their games
where you hear like the in-game comms
like dar Doc's communication in their
in-game comms like setting up and then
playing through fights it's not just
feeding information the the direction
that he's providing and calling and
stuff in these fights was like super
impressive to me I was like damn yes guy
I would like to play with this guy this
would be fun you know it may sound kind
of I know not true but I think that the
breaking point was made to be dramatic
you know I mean the Kazi it's true now
that that definitely happened I think
that they obviously made it seem like
you know I paint him as a bad guy but
way more you know worth in the actual
yeah I don't think you'd like I mean
remember this was a guy that split at
what cost like three different teams
last year yeah three year deal and
talked about how great it was gonna be
and he was gone by the end of that split
so based off the fact that they didn't
even include some of the worst stuff
that I like I know yeah Marky Mark seen
the director's cut and it's gruesome
that's you can't publish it on YouTube I
mean like some of it wasn't shot because
like they didn't have the cameras around
for you know so like trust me when I say
because the cameras were broke cuz
Darnell rampage like you know what's
super Sayle the force of it just like
broke the camera lines yeah silent thank
you for the call and and mark before you
go I want to pull you into another
conversation but thanks
silent at- mud I was slient I've been
mispronouncing your name oh I don't want
to I think the one correct you should
already correct Travis don't worry
ya know I I do when you said my but you
hear me tonight assumed a slience thank
you yeah no bro mark clarify real quick
the the the point about not putting the
worst stuff in is not specifically about
dar doc it's just like the overall team
atmosphere there were things that were
not put in there that or I didn't know
if they'd that foot it was it what do
you know mark has already texted me what
happened nothing I'm not gonna show you
what happened I just know that just like
everyone I'm not gonna say what happened
he knows possible they didn't make
everyone look as bad as they possibly
could it was what I'd say all right
everybody just from here on out we all
know so anxious there's footage missing
from breaking point
yeah I don't know if there's footage I
just said like I was friends with a lot
of people in the Lord the full story
hasn't been told maybe we will get some
more courageous filmmakers that will go
back and tell the truth what was the
other thing you want to talk about um
hooni you you because I think people
will freak out if we gloss over that so
you think hooni is the best player in
North American all see us right now I
thought more about it
Thank You Wade that stay with me no no I
mean I'm not more about echo Fox's
ranking and I was like who's the better
like carrier than honey like
legitimately Jensen Twitter baby yeah
yeah Jensen I think is close I'd say be
Erickson's close but I feel like week
one hooni had the most impact of any
player have you heard of a little boy I
like to call Peter ping yep I mean all
of t/l played super well like who he
buried solo in that game like celery and
beam flame was like you know he was like
the all-pro first or second team last
split he shit on him for daring to blind
pick GP against yeah so like you need to
remember like I think I kind of like
went to like Pune and Korea with my mind
set on him his time in Europe and his
time in North America was like
unprecedented amin n't and if he's gonna
bring that back this year like that's
scary
yeah all right well we're I'm excited to
see how this develops what do you think
that GU thing Cooney will say the best
over the course of the split I don't
think yes the best team and so I think
you'll you'll see people outperform him
you know it's sometimes and I wouldn't
be confident saying that who needs my
favorite for MVP right now but I think
you can make a case that he's the best
player in the na LCS yeah a lot of teams
are gonna start game planning for him if
they happen already now I mean you heard
you heard fly quest in one of their
interviews be like we didn't take pic
dance seriously enough first echo Fox
and they spend a lot more time in their
second game yeah this is why I'm pretty
bullish on echo fox I you know I didn't
arguably everybody has been they just
sight the concerns or whatever but
people also forget that all taken Adrian
were a huge component and Diggs run last
year of looking pretty strong so I mean
he was on a more excuse me Adrian was on
the immortals with who knew that yeah
shit on everybody no Annie isn't I ate
I'm getting the next guest all right
continuing on with shoutouts to folks
dr. Manhattan resub hotline league with
Kelby hell yeah he says the real Rando
one of the classic 39 for rocky zero
zero and Kiwi mullet boy REE subbed for
three months whoo much love from New
Zealand he says Dragonborn 206 and we're
back with buck Pichette oh but keto we
talked we talked about the shower yeah
remind me where you're from Poquette oh
I'm from Saskatchewan Canada that's
right from the deep northern reaches of
yes yeah what are you did you have to
clean off ice from your your satellite
dish to get this it's it's actually
really warm right now it's like it's
only like minus 4 or something like that
oh good yeah so you know it was all
right today in Travis and I were like
yeah I'm pants to go outside it was 65
degrees we were sitting outside we got
lunch we were sitting outside a really
good how they're cooler here we should
move inside geez yeah I mean I and
that's minus 4 Celsius I have no idea
what that is and Karen hey yeah it's I
don't know if it exists Langford I'm
from my mistakes or so no idea next
point okay
yeah it's close to freezing
under freezing so yeah it's all good so
what do you want to talk about so a lot
of people were talking about kind of
like this bjergsen criticism and like
why is TSM doing so poorly like their
first Oh too weak in LCS history
something like that and I think I when I
saw the TSM like their new roster I was
like this looks so similar to what they
tried to do in early 2016 when they
brought in yellow star and they're like
they completely revamped the roster and
if people remember that did not go that
great they were like oh we're gonna
bring in yellow star he's gonna be a
shot-caller it'll take the burden off
York soon you can just be like a pure
carry and it didn't work out for them
then it looks like um the shotcalling
kind of rift is also not working for
them now I think part of the reason why
Pearson was able to do such a good job
is because he was kind of forced in that
shotcalling role like he said multiple
times he didn't want to be a shot-caller
but kind of the team needed him to be
and I think Reggie like pushing that
role a lot so every time they try and
get him off that role it seems like TSM
has such like a christ-like crisis that
they don't know what to do and B
Erickson suddenly is playing super
passively he's not really like in
control of the game and he's not being
able to exert himself on the map as well
so we go back the carrot I thought you
you had something more about the the
analysts estimate I thought I saw you is
that not you I posed I posted like
multiband you in with the thing where
you really want to talk about yes so
these people who come in most multiple
things I pull them for something and
then they keep posting and I'm like he's
like okay what he's in here now we're
talking here that'll just work to be
like what kind of the analyst analyst
test happen like where none of you are
really necessarily happy with how I went
across so I don't know I didn't want to
like riff on you too bad for that Oh
bring it on Dean oh sorry one thing
first things first
the only thing and I think your
all due respect respect both kiddo I
think your argument sucks so we'll
quickly move on to the other one after I
dismantle it but yeah I I think just
kidding kind of the point is I think
that you're falling into the trap that I
see a lot of people go into and I
certainly understand why because it's
easy to fall for this narrative of like
a single shot caller like who is the
leader his minor saying that last year
you know the shot calling was split
between Berg and Han sir and Peter
mostly Peter and Berg but that it's not
a sit-in but for for Reggie whenever he
was trying to figure out what how to
solve his offseason issue it wasn't like
oh we need to get a shot caller so beer
can just concentrate on carrying it was
our jungle and our support do not
communicate enough in game and we need
those guys to communicate with each
other in the rest of the rest of the
team and so they try to find very
outspoken communicative people to fill
those roles I don't think it was ever a
shotcalling situation so I can see why
you would want to draw a comparison to
the yellow star thing where it's like
okay we're gonna bring this person to
help out but I don't think that anyone
ever said that shotcalling was the issue
with TSM last year it was more just like
the the basic communication levels was
the support in general that's why the
Hank is that big of a deal I guess like
when when people criticize TSM for their
worlds performance it was like they they
load into the map and they sit around
and don't do anything and let the
employment like walk all over them and I
I was I was I'm pretty sure like I think
a lot of criticism was just like their
TSM are not decisive enough and they're
not like no one's taking charge or
they're just like too scared to do
anything I mean I mention a lot of that
comes out of a lack of communication
though right like you could see if I
don't mark I don't know if I agree with
that just because if you redouble this
player like Tribune article he was like
people were scared
he said the the whole environment of the
team was warped and no one stepped up to
be a leader and like get people out of
it and I think I mentioned this before
you know if you look at like the tl dota
winner interview the Team Liquid guy
he talked about like how his team was in
a very similar mindset lost on day one
of the playoffs and then like he would
just start screaming at the top of his
lungs before games like amp people up
and I think that's why you know
communication issues and in the roster
moves make a lot of sense with the world
specific problems did seem more of like
a like mentality in the moment kind of
choking thing do you do you agree that
somewhere the yellow story issue that
mark no I think it's potential like I
would just say like the world's
performance not this thing is like not
what I would point to for this I
understand it looks similar but I think
it would be two different issues like I
would hope day one of the LCS they're
not feeling the same pressure they felt
in the group stage of worlds it's things
yeah but Ron caller supposition is that
it's the it's similar to the yellow star
situation in 2016 do oh do you just
screw that basically like if I if I just
step in here real quick what I'm trying
to say like I'm not I'm not trying to
say like myth he is a myth in Zen like
the changes they made our standard for
yellow star I'm just saying that like it
seems that when they really shake up the
the team environment they always
struggle for quite a while before they
kind of get back into the groove of
things and like I Act II ascended like
pick it up later on the splitter our
next split I just think that like that
initial change has really affected them
and like they're gonna be feeling it for
a while I I'm down with that like I like
you know with yellow star they still
made the finals they finished the
regular season six
no more like because it was best of ones
back then to they get into playoffs best
of five to beat some people they look
alright before losing closely to CLG
what maybe was a five-game series so I
could easily see TSM doing the same
thing and I would still bet on TSM
finishing very high up maybe not in
regular season
if these kind of problems persist where
it seems like there's synergy problems
between mithi Mike Young and the rest of
the team but I I think that they'll
still do great in playoffs
what was your analyst desk argument you
said it used to the mark said oh that
that whole like section felt really
really awkward especially cuz I know
it's like something new and like people
are used to doing it so
as well as like people watching and
they're not really used to it but it
seems like like there was just a
completely narrowing in on what bjergsen
was doing without like a real
explanation of the context what was what
else was happening I know some people
kind of I'm not I'm not anywhere near a
draft expert where we're criticizing
like TSM's draft they're also
criticizing how the bot lane played and
how Mike Young was playing and I I think
bjergsen played actually really well for
the tools he was given and of course he
wasn't he was quite passive or Escrima
t-mobile's yes his entire team is kind
of like suiciding around him like is it
really a good idea to like throw
yourself into the fire alongside them or
just sit back and like stand behind a
wall and not like flash over for like 10
seconds yeah so I think clarity and what
we're saying is very important I think
we weren't super clear and we also ran
out of time at the end of that segment
we were supposed to give him like a
letter grade but we just like ran out of
time in this segment as well as like I
don't think we establish why we did this
I married was in half that's we're
supposed to go it was gonna be like an a
like it was gonna be high it was gonna
be like he played great he's a
mechanical God like I don't think you
can see a xerath mechanically play that
much better and the reason we've
tunneled our beard was because there's
already like a front page post about him
after one day and to go as in-depth on a
topic as we want to we need to decide
before the game starts that that's like
our intent and so it does seem awkward
but in some ways I do think it was a
good game because I was literally the
kind of game people are critical of him
for where he performs well but the team
loses and chera and I think with respect
to the giraffe you know like you ban
rise a champion keen doesn't play to get
him to play his preferred champion which
is Azir so he takes his ear and then you
pick an off medic counter in xerath and
because Jack now we're watching from his
perspective the entire time there were
things he was doing like prioritizing
pushing minions over going for poke he
never put keen below 75% HP on his own
accord
the only time he did that was when they
traded summoners off a gink which was
mechanically played fantastically and so
the point Jay and I were making was like
he played great and in no way is this
loss at all attributable to him but like
was it a hooni level performance was it
like he he crapped on a substitute mid
laner with the counter pick that he
chose to go for No
and I think that's that's kind of how we
wanted to putt you know position it was
well I said at the top of the show as
well as what jad said was he's not the
problem but he's not the solution right
now and he's just he's playing well he's
absolutely playing well he's playing
great and I think if you watch that that
segment back I don't think we ever said
he played bad or anything Lucado you got
to conversation points on the show so I
know how yeah I'm cashing in yeah thank
you though for for calling in yeah thank
you thanks for having me sorry about the
question confusion there's no no problem
but generally everybody he's gone mark
really quickly I want to take a sponsor
break we don't have a sponsor so I'm
just taking this break as the sponsor of
the show and point out I want to give a
shout of somebody I Kelly all the excite
about this yeah I know there's a guy
named fan Ron Jenkins who donated $15 he
said next to folios on me Kelby do you
want to explain who fan around Jenkins's
for the twitch chat fan Ron Jenkins is
my favorite total war Warhammer -
streamer and we've been we've been
raiding his is channelized late and I
just hanging out with him and you know
he gets like 20 viewers or like 20 to 30
viewers when he streams so that's like a
news leak it's like it's a cool little
community of yeah yeah well that watch
all the stuff and today is the expansion
out now that he was supposed to have the
no it's not out and I don't think he
still has early access wait what is the
name of the game company again Creative
Assembly oh wait we can just we can just
use total war so I would say I mean I
don't know how many of you guys will do
this right now but you want to explain
the story about what happened with his
access or whatever yeah yeah so they
have an expansion for the game coming
out called the tomb kings like they're
releasing a new race and you know you
pay and you get to play this new race on
the campaign map and stuff and you know
they have an early access program where
well bunch of youtubers and they're not
really big on twitch yet like they don't
really follow their twitch community as
much I get the feeling but they they
give early access of the content to all
these youtubers and they create you know
content about the new campaign and stuff
and fen Ron who's like one of the most
active and most viewed total war hammer
to streamers and I know I said he
doesn't get very much viewership but the
game doesn't get a lot of your ship on
Twitch in general he got left out of the
early access program so we were sad
because he's such a great brand
ambassador for the game you know what I
mean yeah so anyway if you guys don't
want to help me you can go to the total
war Twitter account and you can tweet at
them and say like Travis and I did yeah
like we did it didn't it didn't seem to
work maybe you guys can help us you can
tweet it then when say this is you know
if you don't donate you don't want to do
anything else just to do me this favor
and say at total war where Lin is my boy
hang on we almost got it when is my boy
at friends what should we say early
access Kelby yeah Jenkins getting his
early access just tweet that at them so
that that I just typed it in twitch chat
at total war when was my boyfriend Ron
Jenkins getting his early access they'd
be helping us all out a lot because you
know it's twitch you know I love YouTube
it does a lot for me but we want the
twitch community also get cool things
and for communities to realize that - so
just tweet that at them and then that'd
be great we think to a fan on for his
contribution of the show
alright sponsor message over mark go for
it
who's next but the pager bang bang back
the bub hello yes Sam back we're like
this guy's voice yeah I don't Loco
figured out how he's a he's a Korean
dude and I think Seattle right now I'm
in Berkeley damn it okay well loco Eric
lost how to say his name and I fucked up
it's fun fun yeah exactly that one yeah
and he's in Berkeley how's Berkeley
coldest fuck yeah yeah it's been chilly
recently yeah
yeah well it's nice down here what do
you what do you want to talk about I
want to talk about League of stopwatch
so I honestly think all the like there's
been it's been such like a circle jerk
around stopwatch I think I feel like
stopwatch isn't as big of an issue as
people make it out to be
i selfie think it's like a part of a
larger issue right now especially with
how long a lot of games tend to be and
so like if you think about it in terms
of LCS games and just in terms of
soloqueue I feel like the whole like
relic shield call overheal bullshit in
bot lane is really what's doling out
games and the lack of bruisers in the
top lane so I feel like stopwatch is
just kind of like facilitating all of
that I just it kind of frustrates me how
big of an issue people make it out to be
yeah I like optic
I feel like stopwatch isn't as bad as
double relic shield bot lane that's why
yeah mark why yeah you want to respond
to that well so I think though the
inspiration tree as a whole like seems
over tuned in the sense we're like
everyone goes it basically everywhere
and part of that is like the other
options just like aren't great and so
you see people going that Fleetfoot
working the botanist absolutely a well
not Fleetfoot work but I think that the
relic shield overheal combining with
that makes us select lanes or just
focused on scaling and getting out of
Lane and bot Lane is one of the more
active parts on the map generally
speaking like you always try and break
bots to at first because that's where
the tepees going stuff all that so I
would largely agree I think if you you
change that up
the game starts speeding up I think top
lane actually isn't an interesting space
you have a fair amount of carries up
there right now with how there's double
tanks and jungle and support you see
things like GPE Vlad Lucian top
camille's getting banned out all the
time because it's very powerful right
now gnar you don't see much maokai
or anything the only tank you see played
blind is ourn mmm generally speaking so
I think I think I like I like top lane
but yeah inspiration Street and
get looked at as well as the overheal
stuff with relic shield there was a
threat about this on the sub right yeah
everyone was complaining about stop
watching I agree in a slow competitive
like in competitive where the game is
slower you focus much more on
accumulating micro leads into like
back-breaking plays we're like you
shoving me and you shove him in you
chunk him out and eventually he can't
match your rotation and you form an
bottom and then you destroy them and
with unseal spellbook having more TPS
and mid lane generally speaking because
you can take them you can take masteries
for lane then swap to global in macro
focus masteries as well as like you said
the stopwatch is kind of D incentivizing
dives even though you can use them
offensively they're much more powerful
defensively ends up in a situation where
these dives that you're used to seeing
bot Lane get like really crazy it feels
like it's a little bit harder to set
that up because people just think it
don't get poked out as easily in bot
lane the official League of Legends
Facebook page has now updated their
profile picture of the stopwatch icon I
mean that's probably a bad sign for it
right I feel like that when they add
that it's normally a sign that that
stuff is about to happen yeah I just
don't want people to stop watching like
if there's there's a lot of things like
if he just removes stopwatch and kept
Fleetfoot work like yeah the game would
speed up a little bit probably but
you're gonna have other issues yeah yeah
and I think especially like when you
look at a lot of the LCS games tahm
Kench and zillion are also coming back I
feel like that just delays games so much
more and we were talking about instant
in the waiting room actually it just
makes it so that like you get into these
super super late-game situations where
like everyone's just scared and then
Tomkins is only just just your undo
button I just stalls out even longer
I don't mind tahm Kench cuz at least
slows well I do mine tahm Kench but I
don't hate him because at least his
global map mobility so if like a better
team ends up with tahm Kench I feel like
he probably does more to accelerate the
game then slow it down but in close
close games yeah you might see him cut
in on the number of engages a team is
willing to make mmm win is I mean we saw
games
games are going pretty long this weekend
right like overall the game time was
pretty it felt like that at least to me
uh yeah overall game time is up a fair
amount compared to last year game no
yeah I don't like it I got out of work
really late um I think part of the other
thing is like even last year games would
be kind of slow in the early game and
then there's just like a lot of a team
wide snowball mechanics like if you get
rift Herald that's like a huge thing
Baron buff is like super super strong so
right now it's even slower in terms of
that early game then you still have
these like super powerful things cool
well thanks boo bong bong howdy one more
time it it's bung-bung bung-bung
[Music]
thank you thank you for calling him
thank you so much things voice of reason
among the many concerned individuals
regarding the stopwatch situation
alright so who else do we got we got a
lot of lot of donations coming in
tonight our subs Dragonborn 206 nemo
heals crew us the bow were honored Jill
a brownie Chon Leslie a boo names I just
can't oh oh need Onita bran ik brony
chan 770 and omega diamonds inc don't
worry guys there's some more of you will
get to you just squeezing them in
between the calls we got Matt on the
line Matt we're going from Oh what time
is it there it's men afternoon Paul 413
P okay and but it's uh it's Tuesday
there right yes how is tomorrow how is
tomorrow in terms of what like the
weather yeah I mean what's the future
like yeah what is is what can you tell
me what crypto is anything happens love
today I'm trying to make some money if
there's a crash I need a cell right
there
nothing two fives don't okay thank you
okay thank God cuz I've been worried
what did you want to talk to us about
Matt well I've been following TSM around
five years and this could be my final
year but I do think I think I think
tears should be fine I think all the
fans are just a bit concerned over the
first two days I think tears and we'll
pick it up over week two so I think guys
I will still be falling tears Sam but I
am big how they are plane
I think my kion feels a bit nervous as
well as their jungler I feel like the
first time he was supposed to sit on
farmy sort of like the old Spain where
you just farm a lot it didn't do much
does in the first time as well Mikey on
only had one assist in the whole game
and drivers had not
who was it smithy and yeah I don't know
I think I think chase him should be
doing bit off the weak one but yeah
before we get into the situation with
TSM I'm curious so you said that you you
follow TSM for a long time this might be
the last year but you think it won't be
because they're gonna get better is that
you but you're not saying that you're
afraid they're gonna get relegated so no
I don't think I know it sounds like I'm
22 myself but I mean I think I think the
reason why they got into medians been is
because they wanted I don't know they
because then and Misty was so hot at the
moment in EU you know we're doing so
well it's a like open them over and
they'll help us but maybe they are nice
they made up to our Jim Buckley in the
mobile but my question is like why would
you stop following them because you
sound like a fair-weather fan right it's
like I've been follow them for a long
time who knows if I would I keep falling
with they keep this performance up
you're not there to stick around for
them if they're not on top of the game
yeah I don't know I just I just feel
like they're not the same tier Sam as
they used to be and that sounds a bit I
don't know it just feels like they they
only grabbed these plays because they
want to be number one and then they
ended up losing the first two matches to
to them not clicking as well I mean I
probably wolf stick to them but I don't
know it just feels like TSM are insane T
as soon as they use their I don't want
photos on the players were as
yeah how much do you care about like
player personality because like
doublelift was pretty different from
them bio Frost was like all around
consid in same with spend like great
people like really nice guys is that
like something that drew you to them a
little bit more over the last couple
years and now that it's gone you don't
know spending mithi that well you you're
just lasted I mean I really like BIOS
the same box was a really underrated
support and I think needed really well
last year split any work quite well
doublelift as well I think there's been
a movie aren't used to the n/a playstyle
as much as well due to them being from
you and I think yeah I think I think I
think they just thought it up double
different vehicles for the wrong reasons
and yep accountants venomoth II might
have been a bad option but I still think
if enemy people learn over time cuz
they've learned through going to origin
and then to shoot g2 so I think they do
have time to cry but I don't know just
be interesting to see I like what's out
as well and so getting back to what you
were talking about your new I mean
you're basically raising the discussion
point of you think TSM will bounce back
from this and we'll see them do well
again yeah I mean III want to still
followed it what I probably will be
still following them but I just feel
like they need to elapse and calm down
and try to focus I mean you're the
second person who's mentioned the
calming down for for TSM as a strategy I
don't I don't know where do do you feel
like there do you feel like it's just a
pressure that's causing them to hint
like
I'm just curious why everybody keeps
proposing the calm down situation they
seem pretty calm on stage they're not
like there's gonna be arrogant I feel
like okay we've been the number one
thing for a while not within the destroy
everyone we've got these two brand new
imports from EU spending me fee we're
gonna destroy everyone
they don't stomp by teal because double
it was definitely making them and then
in Game two they I don't know she was a
bit weird I don't know I just feel like
t-72 Friday focus on as a team and then
it should be fine next week
love date they changed out 60% of their
roster a lot of the other teams did too
but I don't think anyone should expect
them to perform the same way that they
did last year right out the gate right
yeah but I think we would do that's the
problem I think people always expect my
things up to simplicity send I have a
huge name no matter where they're from
like even I follow them from Australia
so teach them have a huge name no matter
where they are so there's always these
huge it's protecting - even though like
you said 60% of their team is brand new
and people still think oh they should
run nicely be good I am I want to thank
you for your call twitch chat is very
angry right now because you're not
thanks phone on traversal but I think
it's a very reasonable thing that you're
saying right which is like I have faults
yes them previously
I might not in the future because it
feels like they've changed but I think
there's a chance they can get better and
I'm looking forward to it yeah yeah
that's nice that's a nice yeah thank you
for come on thanks for letting on I
think it's good that you guys do this
and talk to fans and everything it so
thank you well I think it's good that
all the fans call in and talk to us
twitch chat thank you for all the fans
every single one of you get on here yeah
all the donators at least yeah alright
where we had the really crazy one okay
statin 70 Omega diamonds Inc has recept
Darr working a subbed rima 39 rocket
orange which sounds a lot like rocket
mortgage the new sponsor of hundred
thieves and Santos has subbed so so
shotgun and you were originally in the
waiting room I brought you back because
I saw in the subs chat that you were
saying that your lightning or your house
got hit by lightning you lost your
internet and Mark wasn't bringing you
back into the waiting room it's hard to
do this you want to try chess which Joe
no I'm just saying what more could mark
the takeaway wasn't about you there was
the lightning hitting his house can we
go into that yes yeah please us it
should be all good now we we got
bombarded by lighting for a minute I'm
in Ohio and it's supposed to be fucking
cold right now on it's not it's really
weird well thank you for this
if there's anything we can do about the
Lightning please let us know what is
what is really not cold in Ohio and I
continue to find that uh well not cold
is pretty much anything above 10 degrees
when it's January but right now it's
like 65 so it's actually low nice out
for even like springtime that's nice out
for a while yeah yeah well thank you
you've been on the show previously I
believe maybe last yeah last week yeah
what's your what do you want to talk
about this week uh I mostly came in here
to talk some mad shit on behalf of 100
thieves because I think they looked
awesome in their games this week I think
less so against optic and more so
against CLG I think a lot of the issues
in the optic game was like optic had a
big lead play then they just kind of
blew it they didn't do anything with it
they ended up just trading towers with
their lead rather than pushing as an
objective and not trading but then 100
thieves had this like really good
scaling comp but in in the CLG game they
just looked really really fantastic
there's a clip going around on reddit
and on Twitter of sticks a just running
face-first into a rematch tomorrow I can
post that one in the discord if you want
whichever you want yeah whatever you
want to do that that's a funny clip it
was a sawed tweet that was going out and
it was like you know people dying or
whatever that subreddit is and it was
like man runs to his own death or
something they link that clip the tweet
that I saw was never seen someone so
eager to die and it's just him running
straight into it ad carry's have that
have that Tennessee I think what to be
fair to them it is like mechanically I
have a sake that happens like I'm pretty
sure the same thing happened to spend
maybe he just straight tunneled but like
you just miss click and like sometimes
you have like speed ups on and stuff
like Lulu's straight into him yeah like
that one miss click sends you like 200
units closer
it still looks fucking dumb and
shouldn't happen but right so were you
sorry really there was one
come on don't you go Hugo oh oh there
was one other like crazy moment in 100
thieves game where Lake Acadian in the
first game had like a perfect engage on
to Cody Suns kog'maw in the backline and
then like just flashed off of a free
kill like he did half of his combo and
then just flashed away I have no idea
what the hell that was about
so you just hear like to rag on the
teams that you beat this week so we were
you the one that called last week and
said hundred thieves is gonna be awesome
yeah and I'm calling to reassert that
notion I think they they look really
strong and I think that they probably
look better than most people had in
their Power Rankings and I think a big
part of that is just I think the duo
lane has more synergy than most people
thought I am so I think that the clutch
gamers was pretenders I think that
hundred thieves might actually be the
real deal uh I wasn't I wasn't super
impressed with their win over optic
especially since I think optic is one of
the two weakest teams in the league
probably but their win over CLG was real
nice and I like though just the way that
they played in their energy like I don't
know I get this like I've always had
this thing where like if meteos cares
man
like he will be really really good like
I I'm a full believer in in medias if
like he's on it and like I know he just
seemed like you had a lot of energy
passion on stage that that team has so
much talent on it I suppose like they're
all playing really well and like CLG
like had a bad week but they like they
put a hurtin on CLG and they they just
looked pretty good the only concern I
have is that there they are overrated
in one department and that is their
uniforms their uniforms are massively
explained he's not doing it for you no
no it's not a baseball team work on
those it's not the baseball tee it's
that you have different logos
on the sleeve versus the breast you have
the all white logo on the breast and the
red tee on the sleeve and then the like
they did a great opening video for
rocket mortgage I thought it was
fantastic but I'm sorry the rocket
mortgage by Quicken Loans logo does not
look good blown up on a Jersey it's just
not something that looks nice what about
the omen by HP logo on the seal g1
because they're similar similar
situation right I don't like the co2
jerseys in general like Jersey seal
cheater C without any logos on it I
don't think looks alright so what's your
number one Jersey then I like the TSM
Jersey it's pretty clean I also like the
TL Jersey from the new team what seems
to you rep at twitch Cal be shut the
fuck up oh wait see also c9 but newer
team yeah are the newer teams mmm please
don't say GG is nice it's not your color
maybe it's gonna pain me to say it I
don't know actually maybe hundred these
is the best of the new teams but uh but
i just don't i think it's overrated like
fian had that tweet about like you know
it being like number one and then second
is everybody else and I'm just like know
about the logo I like the Guardians logo
I actually do like the Guardians logo
and I first I like their jerseys in
there looks a lot actually I liked it
they switch colors based on if they're
red team or blue side of red side which
i think is kind of cool I think a lot of
teams are gonna be doing that
I like optic having the the players I
fear which shoulder it's on but they
have the their country
yeah like that so while I have you here
shotgun sorry now that we've done our
little fashion show segment for the
episode you know last week said you were
hundreds these fan I forget did we talk
to you about why you became a hundred
tease him a little bit um it's because
I'm in Ohio and I'm I'm a Cleveland
sports fan and when Dan Gilbert put the
investment forward
I got really excited I was kind of like
a like in like I was into the sports
like the eSports scene but I wasn't into
a team not as much like I kind of
followed TSM and c9 because they were
the big and any teams and then at Worlds
I became a huge misfits fanboy but
beyond that I haven't I didn't really
have a like motivation to follow a team
and now I feel like I really have that
because I'm supporting something more
local yeah I am very curious I'm very
curious about the hundreds Eve situation
because okay so you mentioned that there
are sports or that you came in because
you're a sports fan of your local sports
leagues and you know that they're
involved here I just think 100 thieves
right now seems if especially if they do
well in the league they seem poised to
take over just a huge amount of the fan
base people love nadeshot like can you
imagine last year saying brand new team
joins and then they get a hundred K subs
and their house tour gets 400,000 views
there
the heist is getting 200,000 views like
they are they are very marketable
players too they are completely heist is
so good to you by the way like I don't
know if you've actually seen all of it
but I live with the guy who makes it I
have some criticisms of it so I can't be
biased in either way what I would say is
it is not unique content but nadeshot is
so much better than anyone else who has
been in that content before we're gonna
do a hundred agree to that hundred
percent 101 I actually applied for that
job Travis tell your roommate GG well he
worked he worked for one up he was the
editor on breaking points so you it was
gonna be hard for you to compete with
that but nepotism or something yeah yeah
totally okay okay mid jungle to V to
optic game I things like 15 minutes in
there's blood cuz fucking Ryu can't hit
a rice cue so they put him on Mouse hard
the next game come on man watch he
missed a lot of skill shots I defend 100
thieves as much in Game one cuz that was
honestly more of just like off deck
looking like they running around
their heads cut off and and just a
little side note for Lake because F
removes on our team now seal G kind of
looks the same way they look like they
were just kind of running around with
their heads cut off for a while like
they they seem like they're a team
without a shot-caller they're all good
players but I feel like they're lacking
a voice that just tells them alright
this is what we got to do and how to do
it and if you listen to like aphromoo
especially like you guys in the analyst
this good that I'm helping that we're a
from who's doing that call on the baron
when show has to flash in and he's just
keeping everybody calm and cool and he
knows exactly when he's gonna all he's
explaining that to them I think that's
the type of thing that some of the other
teams are missing even kind of do a
lesser extent TSM because I feel like
you're gives a decent shot color but
sometimes if you listen to like the mic
checks and stuff he's just talking about
information that's not relevant to the
game and that's something I've noticed
Chuck and we we have to move on a nice
color but really quickly 100 thieves or
echo fox who's gonna be tough one
because I actually like echo fox quite a
bit I'm a big fan of all the players I'm
kind of one of the few like actual dog
fans as well so I'm gonna go 100 thieves
because they're they're my boys wait
echo fox is a really strong team yeah
cuz I feel like they occupy the same
same role right now as both people are
looking at them as legal some
interesting stuff going on here maybe
these guys are gonna be good I feel like
echo fox has the edge right now I don't
know mark what you think but I'm a nurse
to see how both of them deal I think I
go well I want to see hooniverse too
someday and that'll be like the real
deciding factor for me is just how that
matchup specifically plays and the whole
team as a whole in general but like
gonna vs. Sunday is a big part of how
this works for me
Cheyenne I hope you resolve your
lightning issues be careful out there
and I hope to hear from you maybe you
can we'll invite you on once save one
spring finals and you can do another
victory lab sure make sure to clip this
and post it all over the hundred thieves
discord all right
thanks yeah
secretly made shot no downtime menbung
how's it going where you come from Texas
thank you yeah - from Houston thank you
for you clutch fan sorry yeah I'm
totally a clutch fan man
nice thank you for being a sub by the
way what what did you want to talk about
I just want to tell every TSM fan and
the fanboys who are like on the
bandwagon just for them being like n A's
you know Yankees or whatever - calm down
like the fans not the team the team
doesn't need to calm down they're doing
fine
not necessarily in win losses but yeah
they lost the team Snickers by the way
if you get your mic a little closer -
you're a little quiet alright yeah I
know I had some mic issues before no all
right so that I think everyone just
needs to kind of calm down and I hate
the comparison between this in 2016 it's
like oh well they brought over another
European support and blah blah blah
so obviously it's the exact same thing
no it's not the exact same thing I think
it's more of finding synergy between
like because everyone was hyping up tal
this year obviously for a good reason
because people have synergy that's built
in but you have three different parts of
the map that don't like have innate
synergy with each other like bot Lane
has their own synergy the solo lanes
have their synergy and then Mike Young
has to find a place to fit in there and
then the two jungle picks that he's had
I mean I think Shyvana was picked ten
times across all major five regions and
only one nine I mean only won one and
lost nine excuse me
across all five regions and it just
doesn't seem like they're cohesive
enough whether in draft and like their
prep yet and I think it has a lot to do
with just not everyone being on the same
page but I think I told and my question
my my statement to mark was that by like
wheat for so like after week four I
think team's gonna have it figured out
cuz week five they play clutch and then
CLG and I think they'll have it like
kind of on track because they should
have two wins one being optic this week
and then one being ggs the week after
that yeah and you're saying if week four
goes bad that's when they're supposed to
panic I
think that's when the concern that we're
seeing now is more legitimate but I'm
not gonna be concerned not because like
oh I trust Reggie and Reggie's a god or
anything I just think that the what the
steps that they've taken over the
offseason are a whole lot better from
when they you like when this used to
happen when we had best of ones and best
ones have never been friends for TSM
except for if you look at like kind of
eat say or whatever but that having song
there you know all the fanboys and
fangirls love that less boys back you
know but like TSN's macro play I can't
see him so it's pretty tough right now
to like watch these games but still see
Berg playing really really well and then
hunter like doing things like that first
blood against tal I saw it the whole way
I don't know how there wasn't a ping on
the map I watched it twice there was no
communication hon sir does it late and
then the draft for the second game
versus Fife like West I thought really
wasn't well thought through that wasn't
like a cohesive draft so there are
problems there but for TSM fans to be
shooting up you know flares and
everything in flaming burek sanur saying
he's the problem you know
PSM and everything so that that that's
my big point is that I don't think that
anyone should be really worrying about
TSM right now if you want to have a time
to worry do after week four well it
sounds like you're suggesting the other
team should be wearing about TSM because
they're gonna come online in the next
couple of weeks
oh I totally think that I think a lots
gonna change to you like once this I
think the caller from Berkeley was
talking about the meta right now once
that changes I think adapting whoever
adapts to it first I believe in song and
people like rapid star and also you know
the clutch city staff like Empire and
all them from misfits you know I talked
about this with a lot of guys in my way
I have an amateur league that I'm a part
of like find me off of LCS it's a
fraternity thing but we talk about this
whole lot and that with the staff of TSM
and stuff we have a lot of trust in them
as TSM fans but we're not going to be so
reactionary because I think what we hear
in a lot of TSM fans
that they're the loudest voice because
there's so many of them but what you'll
hear from then is the loud minority
because I at least I like to believe
that the majority of TSM fans are
rational though the loud people would
have you think otherwise
yeah all right so everybody needs to
calm down if you're if you're worried
about TSM you shouldn't be worried about
TSM if you're not worried about them you
should be worried about them because
they're coming for you that so it sounds
like you also sounds like you I don't
want to spend too much time on this
because we need to get a couple more
colors in but it sounds like you think
clutch is gonna come in soon
I think clutch has a really really good
like staff and bass right there I know
solo is kind of like everyone's meme and
top lane but like when he played against
Laurel oh and a matchup of GP versus
Vladimir when Vladimir should win that
Lane Vladimir's really Brooke like
strong right now in my opinion too but
that he's gonna be able to get
facilitated more and I think people
still under 8 Jaco and Apollo for
whatever reason and that went once
febiven and Lyra have like better
communication there that kind of like
what Mark and jad I've been talking
about in the analyst desk that they'll
be probably top 3 jungle mid duo when I
think of premier North American Ares
Apollo just jumps straight into my mouth
I don't think I don't think he's
premiere by any means I'm not putting
him up there but when you say under 8
like where do you where do you where
would you put Apollo I probably put him
top half I mean obviously I think clutch
is gonna make I think not like as a
fanboy but because of like their jungle
mid and I think bot Lane is a you know a
stable thing I put him top five like top
five tower six he's gonna make the
playoffs so I mean if you want to go by
that logic well they may fly off so he
must be a top five or six eighty carry
but I think he's top six for top five
but I think most people under rate them
when they're going against like some of
these bigger names like oh all tech and
Adrian I'm playing against Dignitas
since like I think they could go even or
even win that Lane they won lanes
against double left in bio last year
that they shouldn't have won and you
know had like the best CSD at 10 last
year I would say I disagree I would
disagree more with the top point like
you know it's great that solo you know
won a tough matchup versus Laurel oh but
then he got his counter pick into huni's
gnar you know a prominent top laner in
the league and got absolutely but
blasted oh no yeah he he will definitely
shut again someday refrain from using
that phrase on the show mark but bless
it it's not why not helping us get what
why is it it's all our questioning that
all right well I'm questioning it too
why let's move has absolutely no sexual
connotation oh my god i I think that
solo will definitely struggle against
more aggressive top laners who will push
him out of lane for sure but when it
comes to like the way that the what that
what he needs to do for the team that I
think he'll just be fine he just needs
to be I mean people talk about the year
of the Lord oh like solo kind of just
needs to be like some stable like piece
of I don't know furniture upstairs well
that's that's why I'm scared is that was
his job he picked Mornington are his job
was to be a stable piece of furniture he
got destroyed yeah I look back at that
first blood that he gave and it's like
he saw Zach on the ward and then some
for some reason uses his W which makes
him unstoppable which means he knows
that ganks coming because he hasn't seen
Zach leave so it was just pretty bad
like intuition on his part or you know
just decision-making not even intuition
and it's like well what do you what are
you doing there that's something I feel
that the coaching staff can really help
him on I'm not saying they're gonna make
his mechanics better but better overall
eye game knowledge of what to decide and
also him working with layer I don't know
mister players coach over here so yeah
man bong thank you so much I've never
heard anybody say a player should be a
stable piece of furniture but now I have
it I thank you for that hey I appreciate
it's great she'll always support this
and yeah thank you so much yeah it's
gonna hear from another Houston Houston
gopher defending clutch I appreciate ya
all right we need to get where I can't
even keep up with that quickly marks
bringing me people or xanto's have
subbed saw Rattray subbed for five
months loves the show and let's talk
about how burek AF Cade this past
weekend star X verse subbed slience he
was on the show earlier donated 420 and
said I'm so sad that Casey accidentally
took my echo fox topic Idina subbed and
oshu has reset for two months we got
nobody on the show yet he's still giving
it we got I've now I'm up at the fan
running and sub our donation thank you
for him Mike Sarah spam reset for three
months
Gopi TSM fan donated 10 dollars and said
hotline League is sponsored by I'm not
gonna read the rest of this why not
it's good it's my preparation age for
whenever your takes aren't taken
seriously your team sucks and you feel
butthurt try pepper Asian H vibration
it's just not an actual sponsor and is
not supporting it takes me by Travis
Kappa Rico suave is returning to the
show a lot of repeat colors I guess
Marcos some somebody's bribing mark I
think is what I'm really I don't know is
Rico ass up no Rico Rico's recall it was
previously on the show no I know to
recall her is a confused sub Rico is
yeah myself well there you go you told
me to pull people from the sub chat not
well not exclusively
we appreciate everyone here we just
appreciate the subs a little more work
we think you're doing this you been very
critical of me this week
mark mark I think you're doing we do
this you're doing great either can we
not argue no they don't argue in front
of the color Rico user better where he
called from like I'm a Murray caller
from New York City I'm the twitch that's
most Haiti Tod fanboy oh yes yes I
believe so there's a lot of hated CLG
fanboys for in the Swiss chat there's a
guy from Washington DC I called one time
that whenever marked where whenever Nick
was on the show he really went in what
so what sorry what you called was it
last week or the week before it was the
week before when you had loco you know
and what was your take again I'm trying
to remember um oh saying how CAG is
gonna be number one okay
and so you've returned now unlike one
hundred thieves guy who's who returned
to do a victory lap I assume you've
caught you've returned to apologize to
twitch chat for such a bold prediction
you have denounced your CLG faith right
of course not I still think Co T is
gonna be number one totally weak one
okay this because they lost they went oh
into doesn't mean oh my god you know
they're the bottom team now like for the
rest of the it's full it yeah well Rico
did you well really quickly Rico's this
what you wanted to talk about I just
want to make sure we're not derail yeah
I just want to talk about how just I'm
very upset how the game at c9 went and
honestly I wasn't really highly upset
the way they lost it 100 days but I'm
just upset how they lost to 100 days but
uh so I honestly think that the war
number one thing they have to work on is
reignover
he did fantastic the first game he was
stealing in jungle he was putting a lot
of pressure on top which was expected
because you know everybody thinks that
licorice is gonna get cheated on and
then for some odd reason during the mid
game they just threw all the way like
it's just upsetting to watch especially
on this one t fight where your tower
diving and darshan this guys do use
orange all t but misses it they return
it back retirements a headbutt into the
wall in mid lane yeah those you that was
just terrible of them what have the who
ever like literally in the middle of the
game we know where became reigning over
from TL and just started over throwing
like I yeah it came over and then you
could easily tell that what happened on
the first day transition to the second
day like you know the way some day just
single-handedly just picked sealed you
apart I just think what they got to do
is sit down with rain over and trying to
make sure that you know you get all
these like
like stop making risky moves like you
know you can tell that there were some
plays that were done without like
consulting I guess with the team because
I believe was you Travis Tara mentioned
that you interview some of the COC
players and they expressed that you know
not just gonna be you know bio frost or
one person shot Colin's gonna be
everybody that's gonna put the input on
things
I think they should stick to that so
they can avoid you know dump stuff like
oh you know I see
listen sejuani there let me go after her
and knowing that somebody is right there
- well I think game one was interesting
because fan talk about how he made
mistakes starting on his weeks or
starting on his strong side and juggling
- his weak side so the rengar inve was
successful and then once
reignover took over that portion of the
map because GP is a like a weak landing
champion he just kept abusing Spence
topside jungle and then what Cena I did
was like they they knew he was gonna
keep doing that so they started doing
brush camps in the top side to try and
pick him off and then like one time they
finally stopped him they shoved him out
of his top jungle and they finally
started getting red buffs again topside
licorice lost his turret but stabilized
stayed on twenty CS and like that was
where they were strong on the map and it
felt like they they didn't know how to
extend their lead once like that one
thing they were doing fell apart so I I
don't know I think that's the kind of
bigger concern that people were talking
about with CLG is like how do they they
should they they play out more difficult
situations now without a fro or whatever
Kobe as the man who used to run CLG yeah
what was this weekend like for you
watching because it does feel a twitch I
was calling this a CLG fans
therapy session is venting yeah how did
you feel Kobe uh so like the weekend for
CLG like started pretty good cuz the c9
game at the start was alright and then
like I felt like just as it went on it
just got worse and worse and and man the
witch which game did reignover play
rengar or was it for the first one I was
talking about yeah
I so like I haven't I didn't watch a ton
of rain over on TL but I just have like
man I just I'm not a believer in this
player right now like like just watching
him this weekend and uh then like
hearing about how he was on TL like I
know that Reina over used to be really
really good I didn't watch the league
it's on then but man just just watching
the like I noticed one thing that he did
in a teamfight and then I went back and
I watched the vod's and I was just
watching him and like I just feel like
this guy's like so often just like a
zero impact teamfight player and like
who he's laning was super suss to me
especially like like there were a couple
times in lane
I was talking to Travis about this area
there where like Jensen just made Hui
looking real bad I was like wow this guy
is like much better than you I still
believe that that team has like too much
talent on it and also like Tony is
Tony's really good coach and like Ana
for some reason the seal jisub has like
a super bipolar relationship with Tony
but I think that like they're good
enough the other concern that I have
though is like this team is like
personality-wise so beta and I hate to
use I hate to use that term like no I
think it's appropriate or yeah it's just
like oh man you have so you have stick
say who was mike road by afro and then
you have bio who learned everything that
he knows from peter and use throw them
together and then you have a new jungler
and you have i don't know how who he and
darshan are as far as like leading game
efforts but man in my experience shot
bowling shot calling by community with
passive personalities not good on stage
really not good on stage um I will say I
know darshan is very vocal and
for my understanding who he is as well
in terms of like what they want to do
with the game but I mean you're still
talking about potentially three-fifths
of a reserved personality type yeah but
I just seal G is the team right now
we're like I I just don't have a super
great feeling about them being a finals
container I still think they'll finish
well but I I just was like it didn't
look super great it's week one good
opponents they played good opponents
yeah they had a harder schedule than a
lot of people yeah
gerbil 2013 and twitch chat brought this
up and it was actually something I was I
was out of my mind as I saw it pop up he
he reminded he said to remember that you
know the best years of reign over his
career have been with hooni at his side
and it's so surprised than that hooni
and reignover but in both my interviews
with them mentioned that they'd
originally looked to compete together
and so what it'll be interesting to me
is and it's not that hard to imagine a
world like I want to talk about this as
we wrap up the show later on but I think
one common narrative is it feels like
there's a lot of really good teams now
it's not that hard to imagine a world
where CLG I'm sorry - reco who's on the
call still doesn't place top five and
and that'll be it'll be interesting to
see what they do there also a lot of
people concern about doc and if doc
starts to become an issue at some point
in time for that for echo fox wouldn't
it be interesting if a struggling CLG
has just decides to trade rain over to
echo fox and then try to find some other
jungler to bring in that's not gonna
happen what what who are you getting a
German why would you just give someone a
good player if you think he's good if
he's not good what he's not you and he's
not working well on your team yeah but
why would echo a forum if in like
they're gonna bench Phoenix and take the
Monta he's an import
[Music]
this would only work if garlic was being
annoying Phoenix wasn't good and
reignover wasn't good on CLG but look
good enough for echo fox be interested
which is to me a pretty unlikely
situation that was a really stupid suit
cast from Travis Rico suave I want to
thank you for coming on the show I am
sorry the seal Gees not doing well well
I'm still looking for second week cuz he
still got the second week they got
caught game which I think they might
have a chance of winning
thank you everybody knows for sure did
clutches pretenders yeah so honestly if
they go just Waits
maybe we'll get the momentum huh I said
Kobe just hates Apollo I just know I
hate their social media that's all
Thank You Rico social media game is so
we say two things I just want to give a
shout out to gerbil for helping me out
and I love Warhammer as well just
putting it out there friggin great game
and addictive yeah there you got did ya
Thank You Rico a man of taste
Rico's your boy GOG total war Warhammer
he probably likes old chainsmokers sea
dog has subbed Highmark I don't have a
ton of more time so I think let's get
through everybody what do you when do
you need to leave like a little after
10:00 okay
pandemonium 88 is on the show where you
come from Panama I'm from Bristol
England Bristol Island okay and are you
in a tunnel
no he's monthly still wait yeah it's
okay it may be it's just a little echoey
yeah it's just it's a little but yeah
yes you're fine what time is it there a
season mom oh wow
and what why are you up so early I came
back from a night out and it was oh my
god I actually caught one of the screens
oh thank you it was a nice night Ellen
we're hard on Monday night we're about
to find out how hard of a night it was
and just a woman as you bring up your
question but what do you want to talk
about my topic is that I believe that
to have a limited area of growth
internationally to represent na and that
hundred feed CLG TSN will have a greater
potential and the idea is essentially
that I don't think that the curry frets
on TL are dominant enough
internationally beyond doublelift
to tend to be do something whereas I
feel like on the other teams they have
individually stronger players I think
Jensen someday and who needs so sorry I
forgot to mention echo thoughts all have
a higher potential to impact
internationally where did you say TSM it
to start - yeah I think that bjergsen
and Sven the stronger curry fret then
well we didn't see that this weekend no
we didn't he's saying that like you know
at the end of the season when everyone's
hitting their peaks or whatever and
they're the gelling that's in the best
in the west spot lane baby yeah that's
very I don't know mark Kelby you guys
have a take on that for me the sad part
is like you might be right but due to
the meta Worlds that happened I don't
feel confident in like making
generalizations about the immortals core
because we've seen impact hold up fight
internationally we know doublelift it's
like prone to making mistakes but like
it's like he always gets completely shit
on and or whatever and then Poe Beltre
also doesn't get beat up too bad but
then we went into oleh who was like this
god playmaker on immortals and like hard
carrying that team with smith you with
early play making and then they get like
ardent meta and it's like the worst
thing you could ever hope for as like in
a team that relies on Ola it's just like
neutered and basically and if you're not
in a passive support meta
maybe like you know your carry threat
isn't always just who can win teamfights
late-game you can have like more
aggressive early play making teams and
and mortals kind of still tried to play
that style but that the meta just like
wasn't good for it so I have a little
bit of like you could be right
but I wouldn't I wouldn't bet on it
right now I also just feel like at
worlds like the stars of your team are
not what the differentiating factor is
for for worlds performance everybody
that's at worlds is a team of really
good players and I don't feel like
individual performances from your stars
are what separate the top teams apart at
worlds like especially if you look at
like misfits this year and how well they
did
it's like understanding of the meta and
also just getting over the mental hurdle
that na teams have of you know like
playing their game and playing
aggressively and I know buddy's gonna be
Korean team so it doesn't matter but
Chinese teams have been trying this for
forever where you import literally the
best mechanical and like you know
superstar players from Korea to China
and those players get to worlds and it
doesn't matter I so I and I just can't
think of a precedent in the past where
like I see a Western team that has
success because like they had these
players that were ahead of the game or
better than the other competition
internationally except for maybe you
could make that argument with season 2
CLG EU & froggin
cuz frog and just like shit on everybody
in that timeline I would say there's
like times where great players are the
reason like the reason SKT made it so
far was like faker hard charism games
but GLaDOS you're literally talking
about fake right right I'm agreeing like
that it's usually not like easy season
four but like other than those generally
speaking yeah it's about like yeah but
this na have an Uzi or a faker like we
just saw who nee as great as he is in
North America we we think potentially
the most impactful player at North
America at Worlds did not look anything
like that
na socks it's a popularity region that's
okay you know what I mean like strange
how that happened tea pandemonium I
thought I actually got you decided to
stop talking no I didn't yeah
devotee of do you have we don't talk we
don't take that kind of a wish here
pandemonium so do you have any retorts
or any thoughts on any of the stuff that
these guys just said um not really I I
guess I agree actually what Kobe was
saying that when it comes to worlds and
the example of misfits a lot of the in
work is more important than the
individual but I do also feel like is a
big enough skill cut between the best
Asian teams and the best Western teams
that it is a concern that certain teams
like liquids don't have a high enough
and I know on what I say about sealing
yeah so sure I I'm more concerned
personally not about your high points
but where your low points are and I
think that across the board TL and TSM
in particular are probably the most
consistent in regards to like average
player skill and not having any outliers
on the bottom part whereas with c9
potentially and echo fox and hunter
thieves that could exist where like you
get exposed at a certain position where
other teams are just really strong
across the board because you're not up
to that level in one particular area
that part of your game falls away
pandemonium thank you so much for coming
on the show I wish we could talk longer
but mark apparently has a date so good
talk no worries he's got he's got a 10
o'clock appointment on a Monday it could
be anything
travel not even that just like twitch at
saying the same things like you guys
need to realize like my face when I'm
not smiling
looks like I'm bored or gonna kill
somebody's like I was listening to Kelby
because he was making good points
and that's just how my face look I just
give it a month Nick your you've been
doing a good night we've got you out
tonight we've just been beaten up on you
I'm sorry get off my balls all right I'm
sorry I'm sorry sorry can we get the
next dollar that you're taking on a long
fucking time to pull somebody okay
yeah tic-tac where you come from paddy
whack a man I'm in Dallas Texas Oh
another Texas tonight so you look yeah
are you clutch fan no I'm not I'm
actually CLG fan oh man up get a he's
got a couple of those tonight what do
you want to talk about actually want to
call cuz I think it'd be best for the
development of the league if CLG and TSM
kind of sucked this year mmm you mean in
regards to like growing fan or like
encouraging people to have fan interest
in other teams yeah I mean yeah I mean I
think parity not only in performance but
in the fan base size is probably the
best thing for the league these new
teams spent what was it like ten million
dollars get into the league yeah and so
if TSM and CLG you know went oh and
eighteen I feel like a lot of their fans
would kind of flee and yeah I agree
and 100 thieves optic even tal who kind
of they went through it a few years ago
we're all their fans left they'd have a
they'd have a chance to kind of grow
their own organization bring more people
into LCS and it would just make it
healthier LCS
yeah so here's my question for you is
that aside from better results these new
teams having better results than some of
the old guard do you think that there's
anything else that this is actually this
is such a leading question is there
anything else that needs to go with it
in order for them to maintain that
because what if like you have a good
split or you have two good splits let's
say and the other the old teams don't do
as well but then like you know you can
never guarantee results year-over-year
unless you're TSM it seems
no I agree with you but if you just look
at you know my backgrounds traditional
sports maybe we'll get a team who you
know you're kind of born into their
their fan base and you know you fall in
love with some of their players maybe
their coach some of their stories their
ownership even if they do have a few bad
splits or bad seasons you you kind of
follow them through it and so TSM CLG
they've had the opportunity for the last
six years to to to gather these fan
bases and right I think like an
organization like Nate's hundred thieves
I think they should get the same
opportunity to gather these fans and so
if TSM and cloud cloud9 and CLG or just
you know running the table every split I
don't think they'd have the same shot so
go ahead and I think at this point a
little bit is that like at that if TSM
doing bad and these other teams doing
well and that's why they join they get
invest in the team like you're not
really in some ways fixing the problem
like yes those those like fan bases will
swell then some people will stick with
them but you're kind of just having a
completely Fairweather fan base
I guess maybe Kelby was that's where
you're going with it like we're we're
like the only reason they're now a fan
100d is is not anything other than to do
with the fact that they're winning and
you're in the same situation basically
you were before we're now no one's
watching
TSM verse like you god forbid CLG and
TSM you come the two bottom dwellers of
the league for a year if that match is
still only getting a hundred K on Twitch
that's not good if people are just
washing through fair weather nests and
it's like oh yeah the new rivalry is
hunter T versus t.l you know I think has
a I disagree I actually agree with the
caller more and disagree with Kelby and
Mark here I I think and I'm gonna base
the sort of off of what I've seen with
my work which is it is frustrating for
me when I see really great personalities
on bottom tier teams that people don't
pay attention to and it is exciting for
me when I see those teams do well and
people actually start to pay attention
so I'll interview a player for a year or
more
and I'm like this guy's it was great
interviews and it's like somebody just
there's a lot of fans just based off of
his personality but nobody will even
check that it won't hit the front page
of Reddit nobody will care because the
player is not winning but what happens
that's really cool is when you know
players start winning then people start
looking at their interviews and and you
start to get a lot more recognition for
these other personalities I don't think
that it comes at the cost of qi it's not
like they're like i was a TSM fan and
now I'm a optic fan because they're
winning and I like akkadian I think you
just end up getting a lot more attention
across all of the games which i think is
pretty good at and I think that's that's
fine I agree to an extent but like 400
DS like do you not know anyone on that
team right now like I said as a general
fan of League like they have literally
the most experienced roster I believe in
terms of games played
yeah but 100 thieves is just one example
right like I think sure like I will yell
is like well nobody knows definitely if
golden Guardian said well and definitely
is you know got a great personality or
something you know that'd be kinda nice
does he have a great personality Travis
I don't know he's not been winning
I don't have the top teams of the top
team feel like actually have a chance to
do well this split like who do we not
like somewhat no I mean like people
probably know so low that well people
who don't follow Europe might not know
forgiven the new forgiven especially
after like they might have learned about
fnatic forgiven I've heard he's a very
different person now like like Doggett
yeah like have you not heard a dar doc
or all tech or Adrian before I mean all
people have heard of all taking Adrian
but I don't think people have ever cared
about all taking Adrian but but I I
agree with I agree with the fan like
it's nice it would be cool if there was
an opportunity yes there's but I'm just
saying that way to you back yeah yeah no
I appreciate it but I'm just saying that
when they do get this attention you
can't just let it sit on your laurels to
be like we're winning
you need to capitalize on that so that
you can still and retain that fan base
through canta the leading part was all
you I wanted to see these guys do
content creation which hundred the use
is doing a great job with but like a
part of the reason why
TSM has all so many fans because they
stream and they do legends and legends
is dope max you're killing it keep it up
well and I just wanted talking traps to
sport thank you for agreeing with me
your genius your show should be
sponsored
thank you ma'am you want to come on next
week yeah I will
you know people watch for two reasons
they watch it because they love their
team and then sometimes I hate the other
team I mean in football that's why
people watch the Cowboys either love
them or they hate them and so if you
feel like you've been betrayed by CLG or
TSM because they just kind of made these
roster moves you disagree with and then
they ship the bed for a split like you
you may feel betrayed by them you mayst
grow to hate them and then you make grow
a new love for god forbid optic gaming
yeah yeah I agree I just think kelpies
point is very important where it's like
a lot of these guys it's about growing
their personal brands through the
content through streaming this kind of
stuff like I don't think winning is the
solution because you're gonna run into
the same problem we're like a lot of
players who used to be on TSM right now
it's both it's both
I mean yep for sure clutch could be
making the best content ever but if
they're ranked 9th people aren't gonna
be watching it Thank You tic-tac for
coming on the show thank you I thank you
for the nice words
JEDEC is next if you want to go grab
mark yeah JEDEC where you come from I
know you were arkansas marketing mark
didn't call from arkansas was who's your
favorite team TSM man I wanted to talk
about a little bit some hype I'm not
worried at all
we still got we got a slow start and
what else is more TSM than a slow start
we got spun and methey who are the most
proven slow starters of any bot Lane
that's in the Western that's big and
important you know the bandwagon fans
are here and they're jumping which is
fine we're weeding out the weak we're
only gonna make our span base stronger
better
Hodel what is that how do you say that
all the crypto thing yeah they don't
have crypto in Arkansas JEDEC continue
[Laughter]
weeding out the weak all those stupid
fans get out with bandwagon we're fine
we still got the best player in the West
Bjork I mean who are you gonna tell me
is better pop the bot lane still gonna
pop off Mike Young still a talent I
expect song to reign that majestic beast
in and really tame him is still one of
the best top laners out there I you know
come at me I don't know how much but you
have to say to that cuz I mean I feel
like we heard we heard that a little bit
and it's kind of a good way to in the
and the caller's thing but Kelby what
were you gonna go with I was gonna say
what do you think are the odds that
Reggie has made his first truly bad
roster decision in replacing Peter and
why Oh first Landon mini you say truly
bad I mean yeah it was yellow not bad ah
forget he had gleeb glub you want his
team at one point in time that is true
too I mean both of those big time times
they made the playoffs they made the
finals yeah right the Glebe one we
didn't see the experiment through
because they replaced the midway through
with with less boy right and also like
the players that they're replacing are
not exactly what bio and double were to
TSM in regards to brand value probably
and and that is fair but also spend and
myth yard probably the biggest bottom
Lane in the West arguably and one of the
biggest swimming the biggest a one of
the most common and revered and ovular
yeah we let me just hear one sec real
quick yeah we're gonna pull up Sven and
myth use Twitter accounts and see how
their popularity is in contrast so Sven
has 109 109 and what does Peter Pan have
his counter
are at Team Liquid who TSM released
790,000 so if you took Sven and you
multiplied his twitter following by six
it wouldn't be what doublelift has okay
that's fine and then you know it has a
big mouth and that explains why I just
we're following is so big but spend
hands but you're talking about
popularity to be fair to Genesis fan
that dudes fucking hilarious and TSM is
a giant fan base all their numbers go
way up
doublelift is like this grandpa of na
LCS who's been here forever I mean I
expect Sven to like hit 200 300 K
assuming he stays on TSM the whole time
maybe 400 K by the time the years out as
long as legends continues in there
winning and he's funny I would say I
could see him growing a fair amount but
the point that kelpies making still
stands yeah that is fair I will not
argue with that double his mouth is it
makes him famous and it's tough to
replicate that in any other player to be
that personable and right you know so
I'll but anyways what do you think is
was the I I'm not worried at all because
it's week one man's you think it's zero
percent 5 percent 10 percent and in what
sense in regards to Reggie having made a
mistake with this roster change oh oh it
0% 0% 0% there they're going to be in
the finals no matter what I'm not gonna
say that they're gonna win it because
I'm excited for that never miss the
finals that's coming this season but
come summer world's I mean we're talking
this is the run so you think they're
gonna do well at Worlds no Mike Young
considered
I'll ready that's a whole year to
develop my young new a song over him
what is well at Worlds mean I mean it
makes it the group at least ok so they
make it out of grips well we can have
this I wanted to wrap up the show with
this conversation we can have it well
justice here I think it's it's fair if
he wants to chime in bite I nobody
brought this up
but one thing we've been talking about a
lot tonight our strong teams you know in
the past we've had three or four I feel
like there's a chance I know it's just
the first weekend that this is the
strongest and ALCS has ever been and
hopefully it is because we spent a shit
ton of money this offseason to get here
but I'm curious about Mark and and Kelby
stake on this is is this the strongest
na LCS has ever been and if that's the
case should the establish teams like the
TSM's and even cloud9 who had a great
weekend be concerned because their path
will arguably be more difficult than
usual are we saying compared to like
this of the world
yessuh started total like highest level
of competition we've ever seen between
all team ten teams all the players in
the league
you know like ye hardest to get to the
finals the hardest time you're gonna
have playoffs a couple players I don't
know if I've released interviews yet
basic figure who said it but a couple
players said that it feels like every
year gets harder and na LCS to compete
because the teams get better so curious
if you guys think this is the best na
LCS has ever been and if it'll be you
know the hardest battle all the teams
have had to make it to the finals and
win I was sorry go ahead mark I would
say spring last year you know we haven't
seen much of this spring but spring last
year was probably harder and it's
definitely levelled up a ton since like
season six and season five it's like you
know there's no more teammates in the
league you know there's no more like
we're all pretty much na team full of
like players who these days would be
challenger so I think it's been a lot
harder but spring last year if you
remember NV was the tenth place team and
they actually had like like a
30-something percent win rate because it
was best of threes and they wear like a
thirty seven percent win rate in terms
of games so they actually like won yeah
as a tenth place team a lot compared to
like previously 10th place teams are
like one in 17 like two intent like
whatever it was so I think it's been
been trending and like as getting hard
for a while now and this one might be
harder but this season the spring split
last year was really difficult all right
Kelby I asked well mark gave a good
answer now is gonna be yes I was gonna
say yes because we've done what America
does best we've used our power and
influence to go out and bring out all
the good talent into this region to help
make us look better and then we corrupt
them yeah yeah nope nope they'll be shit
players by the time they're done with us
compared to you know like how they were
previously in their other regions but
they'll be way more popular
they'll have way more money and they'll
be happier so what do you care
I think perception is big on this one
because it's back to best of ones of
where you don't have to use that are
standing out as much as they typically
would so it's gonna look a whole lot
more competitive just because a one-off
is gonna make a big difference yeah
that's the one is exciting for broadcast
though oh it is it's awesome
I'm if I'm a fan of them yes yes I lost
a fly quest team Snickers we don't talk
about that one no we do talk about that
one because it's the only thing they
talk about on their social media account
if it's actually my dream scenario for
na LCS is if the guy who runs the clutch
gaming Twitter account could have the
Snickers relationship that would just be
amazing
I would I would love to follow that
Twitter account I think he was saying we
don't talk about good loss Snickers
works I mean if if you're gonna do
Snickers right in this realm is you have
wildturtle with the sad face and then
the eat the Snickers and then he gets a
smile back that's it sells itself thank
you so much for coming on JEDEC good
thank you have a good one guys yeah
thanks Dean appreciate your TSN pep talk
for the people that have a
mmm-hmm are concerned that's a mark I
know you gotta go you want to say do it
well we'll go ahead fire no one is
watching and you want to sub or donate
or hit up the I'm not the show will not
be sponsored mark is doing everything
and to make sure that that's happening a
we need community support because no
brand a lot lasting burps MLK Day mom
and man here because riot has begged him
not to lose some State Farm so it's just
like just take all that and put it on
that show yeah mark anything you want to
shout out just you can expect the blame
game to be coming out later this week
yeah I'm not exactly sure when but
there's that tune into Academy on
Fridays if you want to get a hot look at
who's gonna be taking over your favorite
players positions in the coming weeks
when they start losing that's about it
he'll be I would just like to give a
shout out to everything that the
chainsmokers did from 2014
every 26 to undo like it was so good and
I understand that you know they want to
make different music they're progressing
as artists in the way that they see is
good for them and they they just wanna
make pop music and that's totally fine I
just if you ever want to return to
making EDM we would love to have you
back that's all Alexandra we miss you I
have to really quickly and want to there
we had a whole huge backlog because mark
was giving me people so quickly so thank
you to see doggy-dog for the sub stable
flag ride 90 bold font x boba cola who's
been a big supporter of all my stuff
going back for a couple years now drink
bleach thank you very inappropriate
Starla leo dough 90 nine Ichi Ryu has
sub for reset for five months for
tsf and only $3 gave a really long
question I'm sorry we don't have time
for it
okay go clutch gaming during five
dollars and said Kelby why do you think
we are pretenders do you not like the
players staff anything besides social
media by the way we have the best new
team jerseys so thank you for everyone
I'll stick around for a couple of
minutes they're not sure not bad
and thanks to mark and Kelby of course
for doing the show this has been hot
line League